Zhang Shaobear
Don't rape, let me save you
Shut up
I will serve you well today.
Your Wang family has been at the height of the sun for a lifetime
Open your mouth
Damn you old man
You are dead.
My president won't let you go
For your father's sake
I spared your life today
Don't forget to go to the banquet tomorrow to kneel down and admit your mistake
Go away
What do you mean? What do you mean?
Do you still think our Wang family has not suffered enough?
I just saved him, you save him.
I use you to save
If you hadn't offended the Zhang family
Will our Wang family be like this again?
If it weren't for your arrogance
Out popped the lord
How could my king
You son of a bitch
Do you know?
You just changed nurse Zhang Sheng
I fuck
I really want to break your dog leg today.
Are you not enough to harm my Wang family and you?
blessing
Is to push your own daughter into a fire pit
Really?